pl.dawidpianka.app3.MainActivity
pl.dawidpianka.app3.MainActivity: MainActivity()
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int button
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int checkBoxAge1
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int checkBoxAge2
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int checkBoxAge3
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int checkBoxAge4
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int checkBoxDontKnow
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int checkBoxMan
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int checkBoxNo
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int checkBoxWoman
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int checkBoxYes
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int editText
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int mainActivity
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int textView
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int textViewName
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int textViewQuestion
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$id: int textViewSex
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$layout: int activity_main
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$menu: int menu_main
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$string: int app_name
pl.dawidpianka.app3.R$style: int AppTheme
